AngularJS Directives
AngularJS directives used in this tutorial:

Directive	Description	Explained
ng-app	Defines the root element of an application.	Directives
ng-bind	Binds the innerHTML of HTML elements to application data.	Introduction
ng-click	Defines the behavior when an element is clicked.	HTML Events
ng-controller	Defines the controller object for an application.	Controllers
ng-disabled	Binds application data to the HTML disabled attribute.	HTML DOM
ng-hide	Hides or shows HTML elements.	HTML DOM
ng-include	Includes HTML in an application.	Includes
ng-init	Defines initial values for an application.	Directives
ng-model	Binds the value of HTML controls to application data.	Directives
ng-repeat	Defines a template for each data in a collection.	Directives
ng-show	Shows or hides HTML elements.	HTML DOM
AngularJS Filters
AngularJS filters used in this tutorial:

Filter	Description
currency	Format a number to a currency format.
filter	Select a subset of items from an array.
lowercase	Format a string to lower case.
orderBy	Orders an array by an expression.
uppercase	Format a string to upper case.
Filters are explained in Angular Filters.

AngularJS Events
AngularJS support the following events:

ng-click
ng-dbl-click
ng-mousedown
ng-moseenter
ng-mouseleave
ng-mousemove
ng-keydown
ng-keyup
ng-keypress
ng-change
Events are explained in Angular Events.

AngularJS Validation Properties
$dirty
$invalid
$error
Validation is explained in Angular Validation.

AngularJS Global API
Converting
API	Description
angular.lowercase()	Converts a string to lowercase
angular.uppercase()	Converts a string to uppercase
angular.copy()	Creates a deep copy of an object or an array
angular.forEach()	Executes a function for each element in an object or array
Comparing
API	Description
angular.isArray()	Returns true if the reference is an array
angular.isDate()	Returns true if the reference is a date
angular.isDefined()	Returns true if the reference is defined
angular.isElement()	Returns true if the reference is a DOM element
angular.isFunction()	Returns true if the reference is a function
angular.isNumber()	Returns true if the reference is a number
angular.isObject()	Returns true if the reference is an object
angular.isString()	Returns true if the reference is a string
angular.isUndefined()	Returns true if the reference is undefined
angular.equals()	Returns true if two references are equal
JSON
API	Description
angular.fromJSON()	Deserializes a JSON string
angular.toJSON()	Serializes a JSON string
Basic
API	Description
angular.bootstrap()	Starts AngularJS manually
angular.element()	Wraps an HTML element as an jQuery element
angular.module()	Creates, registers, or retrieves an AngularJS module
The Global API is explained in Angular API.

